Now once we're done with NHT I'm now let's go to the main thesis and let's actually styling this section.
So here you can see that this would be the end of about section.
Then we're going to create two comments of section title.
So this is going to be the general title that we're working on here that said this is going to be the
end of section title and then also let's create a services social services services section and are
here let's do the same thing and say that this is going to be end of services section.
Now we're here for the About section what we would want well or here for the section title.
The first one would be like I said a generic one.
So here we're going to say section that also and this was the class.
So here we're going to say just text on line center or so now the text is the center and then it's actually.
The section title name.
So section on your title.
And for the title What is title name.
So to underscore his name now let's do font size.
First of all font size and let's say that this is going to be for all Reems.
So this is going to be the actual size of the title.
Then we'll have a letter spacing 0.5 RPM over here and let's do a background like this.
And for the background we're going to do the same thing we did with an About section.
So first of all going to find where the image folder and then we're going to have a title BCG.
So this is going to be our background then we're going to say on here that the background should be
in the center or here.
So we're going to actually save it.
We're going to say again no repeat.
So here you can see that now our background is going to be there and it's going to be Norby.
After that we will have a text transform of capsulize text transform and capitalize.
And after that we're going to have a font weight here of 700.
And this is going to say 700.
And then after that we're going to have font style it out so font style is going to be like this.
So now we have Italian fonts.
Now once we're actually DONE WITH A sections I.
Let's do a services section.
And for the first services section.
So we're going to have a services.
This was our actual class and let's do a background for the background was devoir here was do Section
3.
All right.
So this is going to be our dark section.
So this is why we're using the variable because later on you can actually change the color to whatever
you want.
And after that would is a pattern three hour exams and zero.
So we're going to be padding top bottom here and left and right.
And the reason left and right is zero because over here we're going to say services on here and center
and for the center now we're going to do again the max with we're here in this case.
This is going to be 90 view with us or here.
So this is going to be always like this.
And then we're going to say well you're also margin two RPMs and Arto or so and so I say you can see
that.
Now I have two RPMs bottom but on here this is going to be always in the center with 90 you.
So once we have the actual services center let's do a single service.
So this is the actual article that's holding all the items.
All right.
So here we're going to see services then this is going to be a single service.
So this is going to be the whole article that's holding.
You know we're going to do again Marjan to our CMS are no here they're all going to do a text align
center then we're going to have a transition because like I said before we're we're going to have is
as I'm hovering You can see that we have this box there's white background.
However again I want this change to happen over time.
So we're going to do the same thing we're going to say transition for transition is going to be all
of the whole transitions whatever transitions we're doing for whatever properties we're changing the
values.
Let's do 0.5 seconds.
And again you know what let's do.
And as you can see or here we have ease ease in in and out ease out.
So again this would be the way the actual transition is taking place.
So I'd say here is it is going to be the case once I have this.
Let's also do a patent.
And for the parting words do again maybe it was due to our Reems an hour here we're going to say zero.
So we don't want any padding on the left and right on top and bottom.
So once we have the actual single service meds do a services single service and do hover.
So as we hovering what should happen Well first what we're going to say here is the background is going
to be light.
So I'm going to say voire And here we're going to use the light.
So this is going to be a light back.
So as I'm hovering You can see what happens.
You can see that the background is becoming light.
Now I also I would want a little bit of back shadow So here we're going to see box Shanno and then we're
going to have up for first value is going to be zero.
Then for the second we're going to say 15 pixels 20 pixels is going to be for the blur.
And now we do want a color.
So for the color let's do the black one.
Zero zero zero zero point 1.
So we're like this ones we're going to go back or here you can see that now I have my back shadow like
this.
So this is going to be my box.
I created.
Once we have our box shadow shadowing the next one is going to be so single service icon we're we're
going to say and services then we're going to have 200 course single year service and then we're going
to say I.
So this is going to be the icon we're actually working on now what we would want all here is a real
font size.
And let's do three Reems or here.
So this is going to be our big icon.
And once we had the font size for the icon of three R.E.M. you can see that there's some kind of mistake
or because you can see that I have or hear this with the big letters.
So let me go back over here and if I'm going to find or hear this creativity you can see that it has
stayed out here within the div so I need in this case just moved outside and live and then everything
is going to be working correctly.
So let's go back to the main see assess and keep on styling.
Now once we're done with an icon next one is going to be service style and this is going to be services
more here than we're going to have a single service.
And then instead of going on here we're going to write right.
So this is what we're going to be styling right now.
And for the title we're going to say text or hair transform.
And this is going to be uppercase.
Now once we have it uppercase then again let's do font weight and let's do it in 700 here like this.
Now once we say it next one is going to be margin.
And when I say we're here in margin top and for the margin double We're going to do one Reems here.
So this is going to be margined up and then we're also want margin Marham.
So that's right on your margin bottom and for the margin bottom and we're also going into one area.
So top bottom is going to be are you going let's do better spacing which is going to be an OK 0.2 rpms
or hit or miss.
So this is going to be the spacing we're actually doing now and the last thing is going to be actually
service next.
So let's say here services and services single service and again instead of I can say over here text.
So this is what class will be.
And here we're going to write with 80 percent on it like this.
So now you can see that my actual paragraph is going to be 80 percent or you could see that it's aligning
all the way.
So what I would want is margin 0 Otto or like this.
What I also want to do is let's say that on a text online I'm going to say left.
So I'm going to say text a line and left.
So lexically what I'm going to do is I'm going to overwrite.
So if this guy was everything was in the center what I would want just for the sake of it just place
it all the way over here and left.
And also as do a line height.
So it's a real line.
All right.
And let's say one point five and then after that letter spacing and 0.2 RPMs are like this.
So this is our actual text would look like.
And now what's left to do is actually go ahead and work with a different screen set because obviously
we're now again the same as how we had with an About section.
Everything looks like this doesn't matter on the screen it says.
So what we would want is use the flex box to actually place them side by side.
So let's say we're here again this is going to be the services section and may create some more room
here and let's write some more rules or so the first one is going to be a media.
So we're going to have media screen and you can see that it's interesting the wrong thing on your screen
here.
And we're going to say and mean what happened with and what we would want for the mean with is going
to be 760 pixels.
So this is going to be the actual screen where you want to start with.
And here again we're going to use a service center which is a parent right now for all of them and we're
going to say we're here to display flex like this.
So once we reach 768 this is going to be on display.
Now let's go ahead and let's actually see how it's going to look like.
So this is going to be our portfolio.
And so we're fresh.
And I can see that all of them are lined up or here like this.
Now this is not what one.
So we're going to first say we're here like this.
First we're going to say that we would want it to wrap.
So Flex rap rap.
So if it needs to rap it has to rap.
And also we're going to say right away just the fact connoted animals do space between.
Because again we're going to be creating our own paddings and margins in between.
So we would want them to actually be placed as far away from each other.
So here since we have the parent and we applied already rules.
Now what was our single service.
So this was our child.
So we had services single service.
So this was our job.
All of them what I'm going to say is the same thing when I say here flex that I'm going to say zero.
So don't grow don't shrink.
No here we're going to say calc.
And for the calculational to say 50 percent minus again you know here we're going to use 0.5 our eems
on this.
Once I say read and if I'm going to go back over here and if you're going to refresh you can see that
this is how it's going to look like starting from or here 760 pixels.
Now there are going to be a lineup like this.
And since there is six elements on here like this obviously there's going to be two apiece.
However if I'm going to go to smaller screen once I reach the smaller screen rerolling this is going
to be the single item.
Now obviously I also want for the bigger screen actually change around the globe.
So once I reach nine and to actually one single service to be a little bit different.
So here we're going to say media and we're going to say screen and all here and I mean again with some
men with what we would want for the men with.
So for men with 9 9 2 or hit pixels out once again services single service because what we need to understand
is that we already have the display flex flex wrap just if I counted starting from 760.
So this is not going to change what I would want to change or here's this guy because I would want it
for 768 to have one labeled and then one once I reach nine and do one this late.
So all I have to do is actually going to copy and paste this and or rewrite copy then I'm going to paste
this and I'm going to change the values around.
So instead of 50 percent I'm going right over here thirty three point three three three or like this.
Well let's actually make or here also this padding or this margin between them but smaller.
So I'd say 0.25 more like this.
So let's go back over here.
And once I fresh you can see that first I have my single or your service.
Then once I break the bigger screen.
Now there's two of them side by side.
One is I'm going to reach nine and two I was actually going to be three.
So this is how we can make actual use of using the flex box and aligning the actual flex box children
according to the actual screen size.